if you want to make it in the world of
online business there's just one key
skill you have to develop and today I'm
going to tell you what that skill is but
first I'm going to tell you a little
about me what I've done who I am and how
this skill has gotten me this far my
name is Lucas cinate I'm the head expert
coach at client Ascension one of the
leading online business programs that
teaches people how to launch scale and
grow their agency I'm also one of the
co-founders of innovative a fullservice
e-commerce conversion rate optimization
and retention marketing agency I also
previously ran copyline media an AG
landing page design agency that I grew
to $20,000 per month so what is the one
skill that I've learned that's allowed
me to travel the world be tons of
interesting people and generate hundreds
of thousands of dollars for both myself
and my clients adaptability see I didn't
study Marketing in college and I didn't
suddenly wake up one day knowing how to
manage a team of 20 expert coaches let's
go back a little bit before that I'm
from a small town in Ireland and I grew
up with my one true love really being
music years I played saxophone violin a
number of other instruments and later on
I got really really into metal music
around the ages of 18 and 19 I was
actually the vocalist in a death core
band lots of screaming growling shouting
and late nights playing in bars after
doing that for a little bit I actually
got into prop making where I made props
and costumes for movies and TV shows I
did that with a friend of mine based out
of Canada and that was my first real
taste of online business but of course
eventually I decided to settle down and
go to college and start a real career
I've always been super interested in
technology so I thought I'll be a tech
journalist I went to college and I
studied journalism and within less than
a year I a full-time job at a major
American Media organization as a tech
journalist this was really cool it
allowed me to do some stuff like going
to the E3 gaming convention in Los
Angeles traveling around San Francisco
even going to the White House that is me
right there but after a certain amount
of time in journalism you know you get
tired of it people the drama it's just
not it's not fun at least I didn't think
so so around October of 2021 I decided
to get into online business as I said I
previously sold some stuff online when I
was making props but I wanted something
that was entirely digital didn't like
shipping things I started following some
popular Money Twitter influencers and
eventually I decided to buy the
Freelancers guide by wrongs to WR this
was a 60 plus page ebook that gave you
the basics of starting an online
business introduced me to the idea of
cold email and explained how to sell
your services I decided to really focus
on this and give it my all and within a
few months I signed my first client
Fitness influencer Jay Campbell very
first thing I did for Jay was actually
build him a landing page for a product
he was selling at the time later on Jay
would go on to start memberships uh set
up news letters sell other products
guides ebooks and I was really the go-to
guy for making landing pages for all of
Jay's items for about a year I worked
with Jay and his team to build his brand
and sell those products and it did
pretty well I think one of those landing
pages still generates about 30 to 40
Grand a month but I realized I wasn't
going fast enough and I needed guidance
I was just a freelancer really I wasn't
actually running an agency I didn't have
employees I didn't have any systems in
place I needed someone to tell me
exactly what to do I decided to make
what was at the time a very big
investment for me and this was easily
one of the best decisions I've ever made
I joined client Ascension and got on a
call with the cold email wizard himself
Daniel Fazzio where he screamed my new
offer at me and leaned in looked at me
and said you sell landing pages and vsls
he directed me towards some resources to
help me get started on my journey and
get me a list of books to buy on
copyright I read those books front to
back I learned everything I could about
conversion rate optimization and I hired
my first employee in about a month and a
half after joining client Ascension I
treated CA more seriously than I treated
College I went to every single coaching
call I took notes constantly and I went
through the entire online course of over
200 plus videos within 3 months of
implementing everything they taught me
my agency h a monthly recurring revenue
of about $20,000 shortly after this I
ended up joining client Ascension as the
landing page coach where I taught other
people in the program how to create high
converting landing pages for their own
agencies and a little while later I was
asked to be the head expert coach
managing all of the other coaches in the
program at this time I felt like I had
too much on my plate it was too much to
juggle all at once so I went all in on
CA and I shut down my agency but since
then I've discovered a productivity
system that's allowed me to not only
focus on my health and relationships but
also at least triple the amount of time
I have to invest into my work I'll be
going over that in another video so a
little while back a friend of mine
decided he was going to leave his job
and go all in on email marketing then
the idea to combine our services that's
where we came up with the idea of
innovative a full service conversion
rate optimization and retention
marketing agency for Ecom Brands and
we're just getting started with that
agency but I'm going to be giving you
detailed info on how we're launching it
and what we're doing to scale it to over
$100,000 per month within the next 2
years if you're still watching then you
now know I've had a lot of careers and
done a lot of different things see
people have it in their heads they have
to pick one thing and that's who they
are that's what they do forever and it's
not true being able to adapt and become
capable at a new skill is one of the
most important things you can do it
makes you bulletproof it doesn't matter
what happens you will find a way to
Pivot if you don't like where you are
right now you do not have to stay on
that path take a right turn go back and
do something else completely all it
takes is the focus to sit down for hours
and learn a new skill it's not easy but
it's absolutely possible being able to
adapt to new environments situations and
information is what will carry you
through your online business Journey do
not limit yourself if you see an area of
potential profitability don't think oh I
can't do that I don't know how simply
adopt and learn hopefully this resonated
with you and now you know me a little
better so if you do want to hear more
for me follow me on Instagram Tik Tok
and Twitter @ copyline killer and follow
for the next video where I'm going to
show you guys the tools and apps that I
use to Triple my productivity see you in
the next one peace